README.md, before:

# Hierarchical-Book-Chapter

- *Rob* to:

 1. Cite the reference to auto.arima in section 6.1 as he prefers (i.e. journal article plus package or just package)

- *George* (and maybe *Rob*) to

 1. Add more examples of where forecast reconciliation has been applied in Intro.  Currently only have tourism and retail.  References needed too.
 2. Verify whether forecast reconciliation has been applied to macro at all.
 3. Cite papers in 7.2 about the general result that OLS works poorly for bottom level series and BU works poorly for top level series


- *Puwasala* to:

 1. Find reference to a PhD thesis that does forecast reconciliation
 2. Puwasala to check whether marginal bimodality exists in probabilistic forecasts - first check top level series.
 3. Puwasala to look in to what models fitted in ARIMA in a particular training window. Add this to section 7.1
 4. Puwasala to break fig 10 into to MSE and MASE


- *Tas* to: 
 1. Discuss red points on page 9 and 10 with George. 
 2. Find references probabilistic forecasts in Macro
 3. Fix 3D schematic.  Change notation position of s vectors etc. **DONE**

- *Everyone* to:

 1. Made a decision on how to cite all supplementary materials - Orange texts

Commit message:

added sentence about PhD thesis

README.md, after:

# Hierarchical-Book-Chapter

- *Rob* to:

 1. Cite the reference to auto.arima in section 6.1 as he prefers (i.e. journal article plus package or just package)

- *George* (and maybe *Rob*) to

 1. Add more examples of where forecast reconciliation has been applied in Intro.  Currently only have tourism and retail.  References needed too.
 2. Verify whether forecast reconciliation has been applied to macro at all apart from the PhD thesis found by Puwasala.
 3. Cite papers in 7.2 about the general result that OLS works poorly for bottom level series and BU works poorly for top level series


- *Puwasala* to:

 1. Find reference to a PhD thesis that does forecast reconciliation **DONE**
 2. Puwasala to check whether marginal bimodality exists in probabilistic forecasts - first check top level series. Produce plot with smoothness
 3. Puwasala to look in to what models fitted in ARIMA in a particular training window. Add this to section 7.1 Add sentence
 4. Puwasala to break fig 10 into to MSE and MASE


- *Tas* to: 
 1. Discuss red points on page 9 and 10 with George. 
 2. Find references probabilistic forecasts in Macro
 3. Fix 3D schematic.  Change notation position of s vectors etc. **DONE**

- *Everyone* to:

 1. Made a decision on how to cite all supplementary materials - Orange texts
